and it's sort of like you know they'll
never
tell you they're proud of you to your
face but they'll let the rest of the
world know
yeah yeah and it's kind of weird because
like they not only do they not tell you
to your face they actually tell you the
opposite
thank you for coming on stream today yes
thanks for having me
everyone has cats what's up with that
um i don't know it's just
uh i don't know it's just you know uh
you had jody on last right yeah we just
have cats
we just do yeah and what is that
circular thing in in that
it's the cat portal to the cat world i'm
just kidding it's a cat wheel
so it is a cat portal to a captain yeah
yeah pretty much wait
what does that mean it's a cat wheel oh
it's like
like like a hamster wheel for cats is
that that's the best but do they
actually run on it
yes yes you just train yeah you train
them to kind of like
get used to getting on it and one of my
cats who's a siamese cat he loves like
going on it randomly throughout the day
yeah it just goes out on his own just
goes on a run
interesting cool and um and and so what
do you go by
do you want to uh you could just call me
wendy it's okay
yeah welcome wendy i'm all over
you know sometimes people call me dr k
whatever you feel comfortable with
um and so is there something um that
that you wanted to talk about today or
or any way that maybe we can be of help
to you
uh so i've been wanting to kind of like
tackle the feeling of i guess i don't
know if i really i guess it is anxiety
and i guess i'm not entirely sure what
it might be but it's it's more like um
i guess i stream a lot uh and
i've gone weeks where like i stream
maybe like 12 hours every single day
and with like with little breaks
and i find that when i do like i know i
need breaks and
uh when i take them i end up feeling
like crap the whole day that i take a
day off
okay yeah so it's just i guess uh
i just want to talk about like why i
might feel like crap
every time i try to rest okay
um okay
so first of all i applaud your
instinct to not just call it anxiety
yeah i'm not entirely sure it might be
but like yeah
so i i think that that's um i'm really i
think that's a great way to start off
because a lot of times like you know
people will say oh i have anxiety
and it's unclear like what that means
right like what is what does that mean
and so i find that the more that we can
like use
a specific like the more that we use
like raw data to describe our
experiences the better off we're going
to be
like actually getting to the source of
it so let's dive right in i think that's
a fantastic thing to talk about
so tell me um help me understand
hold on let me think for a second do we
want to jump right in or do i want to
ask you about your background
okay let's jump right in and then i'll
ask you about your background a little
bit later okay
so tell me so first tell me help me
understand like what goes through your
head when you stream like 12 hours a day
for like six or seven days a week
i guess well generally it's because
whatever i'm doing my
is just really fun like whether it's
like the new game that i've really like
dove into
or like just spending time with
uh friends who are also playing the same
game i think we kind of just like
we give each other that momentum to kind
of keep like creating content and like
you know it's in general it's really fun
okay sometimes i just forget the time um
okay
and then sometimes i just i just feel
like
i don't stream long enough there's like
this
there's this part of me where my norm is
like to stream
six to eight hours and i consider that
on the shorter side of things
but i know like when i compare to my
peers a lot of them stream maybe like
four to six which is their normal but
then for me it's like
much higher in hours um and i feel like
if i don't
hit that number for myself i feel like
i'm slacking yeah okay
okay so tell me about that so like
you're streaming six
eight hours and then you kind of feel
like it's not enough
and that you're slacking can you um
help me understand a little bit about
like what's going on in your mind like
what does his thoughts look like or what
do those feelings look like
um i guess like
i don't i don't i i feel i guess
personally i feel
better or like i feel more fulfilled
when i've streamed longer
than if i stream like for like two three
hours i'll be like oh it's like i didn't
work at all
you know okay just yeah i just it just
feels like i didn't do anything
sure so like the length of it kind of
matters to me and um how do you know
when you've streamed enough
when i get tired i guess that's like
one of one of the biggest indicators i
just feel
physically tired okay yeah
so it looks like unless you're
physically tired
you haven't streamed enough
i guess yeah right it's kind of weird
so let me just let me lay something out
and see if this kind of
sits well with you or not so like six to
eight hours roll by
you've been streaming and you're like oh
like i know most streamers stream four
to six
i've streamed six to eight on paper that
seems like it should be decent but it
doesn't feel enough
and i haven't done a good job unless i'm
physically exhausted
i guess yeah it sounds bad but yeah
i guess that is what it is right yeah
okay so so let's just pause for a second
i know sometimes i'm going to use words
wendy that are um
purposely inflated right so like you use
the word
tired and i said physically exhausted
which is like i'm amplifying the word
that you're using
right but i'm sort of really noticing
that like you know it's i'm guessing
it's actually not
tired like i'm guessing that you have to
really
feel the physical tiredness and if you
think about like you know you could work
a full day like let's say an eight-hour
day and
you're still you don't feel like tired
tired even though you kind of are
tired right that's a sufficient day like
if you want to really feel that
ache in your bones kind of tired which
is like how your
how your body is sending signals to your
mind and saying like hey
we can't do any more and then your mind
is like
good job wendy yeah right
it's like that's satisfying i mean you
use the word fulfilling
and and and so that's you know it's
interesting so we'll get into that
um so the first thing that i kind of
want to point out to you is that it
seems that like
you set a bar for yourself and the way
to meet that bar is physical exhaustion
yes okay and so
um okay hold on let me let me just think
okay
and now tell me about what happens when
you take a day off
um i guess like i'm just as much as a
consumer like any other
twitch viewer so i watch a lot of like
my friends um watch
watch a lot of just other streams i end
up feeling like
i think at the end of the day i just end
up feeling like i should have streamed
today
okay tell me about that um
i don't know i guess i just i just see
them and i'm just like
oh i i could have also been you know
streaming i could have also been like
doing this
but instead i'm just feeling like i'm
sitting here not doing a whole lot
which is just relaxing mostly or like
sleeping in or watching dramas or
something
yeah okay it doesn't feel entirely
productive
and i am aware that i do need to rest
and stuff
but i just i just feel like crap when
i'm not working
okay okay so i'm gonna
do this thing where you know once again
i'm gonna kind of send words back at you
and it's gonna sound a little bit
extreme okay okay
so so it feels like you know when you're
relaxing you're not doing anything
like you should have done this you could
have done this on paper like there's
some part of your mind that's like
you know i should rest from time to time
like i should do things for recreation
and then there's another part of you
that like it's a waste of time wendy
no recreation for you yeah recreation
and it's also like like if you think
about it you
feel like uncomfortable relaxing
yes um i mean i would even go as far as
to say it's stressful to relax
kind of i think like sometimes there are
times where i'm like
this is nice you know what i mean but
then at the end i just
i just remember like at the end of every
night i just feel like
i end up always debating on the day that
i rest
that i should just turn on my stream i
was just like
if i'm gonna be gaming i'll just i
should just turn on my stream you know
what i mean like
why am i not like why am i gaming yeah i
might as well
might as well be productive yeah yeah i
guess that's the thought that goes
through my mind
okay a lot
[Music]
questions anything that you want to
mention or anything that's popped into
your head
because i'm about to shift gears unless
that's why i ask sorry oh
no not at the moment so let me ask you
something
i'm getting the sense so i'm gonna toss
out two words that i think may be like
a way to describe what you go through
like the negative
stuff in your mind is not enough so six
to eight hours is not enough like
on a on day that you didn't stream
that's not enough right like it's it's
sort of like it feels unsatisfying to
you so you use the word fulfilling when
you're like kind of like
bone tired and and that's like that's
enough that's how you know it's enough
so so what i'm hearing you kind of say
is that you like kind of are in a
struggle with yourself
about like getting to enough and unless
you get to enough
you're kind of like it's not enough
yeah okay so let me ask you something
how long have you
felt that way um
a long time i don't know it's it's been
a long time like
yep yeah like years i would say yep
before you started streaming
i guess it was it started
maybe like a year or two after i started
streaming i've been streaming for almost
eight years
okay so it's been a long time so can you
tell me a little bit about
um kind of like what your what growing
up was like for you
uh growing up i mean
it was it was good i i did a lot of
music growing up
okay um it was like one of those
stereotypical situations where like
my chinese parents kind of like made me
go do piano lessons
and uh i ended up
being pretty okay at it so i ended up
pursuing it for my entire life
and uh yeah i went to like music
conservatory during the weekends after
like
school regular school so i had like two
schools basically
um and then and yeah i don't know i
don't know what else to say about it it
was just like a lot of
uh i mean it was nice
just cause i can't i'm not so you're
you're telling
me wendy that you went to
music conservatory after school and you
were
pretty okay at it
pretty pretty okay at it okay
who would you say is good at piano
would you say you're good at piano i
think i'm okay
yeah is okay different from good um
uh i mean i don't i would just consider
people who are good you know people who
are doing it professionally you know who
people who are like concert pianists
people who are performing
you know who do it as an occupation okay
yeah interesting okay so do you remember
like what so it sounds like you're
chinese yes and um what part of the
world did you grow up in if you don't
mind me asking
i'm born and raised in canada okay yeah
and um and so what was it like like
siblings i have one older sibling he's
my brother
yeah okay and can you tell me a little
bit about your parents
um they
moved here uh when i was born
because there was like the one child law
in china so
they had my brother they moved here um
and they worked a lot of just like odd
jobs because they weren't like super
educated um
they just graduated high school so they
worked a lot of like different odd jobs
and uh they used to
have like a convenience store and stuff
and then afterwards like you know just a
lot of different odd jobs like security
jobs and like
you know things and things like that um
yeah like they
and what was it like kind of what can
you tell me a little bit about like
what life at home was like
it was honestly like it was just
very normal feeling to me um i remember
actually my parents cared a lot more
about how i did in piano than i did in
regular school
which was really funny because i
remember
like i used to get like 80s which is not
that great you know compared to like
what other people might expect you know
you want like 90s and stuff but
they didn't really care whether i got
80s or 90s
they cared whether i practiced piano or
not
and what was it like how did it feel
when would they be satisfied with how
much you practiced
like do you remember any days where like
they were upset with you
or or maybe you didn't want to practice
and they were like they really wanted
you to practice
um sorry i don't know why i'm feeling
emotional anyways um pause
don't answer my question what are you
feeling
just add
i think like thinking about this topic
makes me feel like
just bad in general but i also feel like
i need to talk about it so
yeah so let's set a couple of boundaries
right so the first thing is that
should you talk about it at some point
probably
it doesn't have to be here it doesn't
have to be now it doesn't have to be
public
right so if at some point you get to a
point where you don't really feel
comfortable talking about it like we can
just pause
and watch cat videos together
and and at the same time i think it is
important and i think there's a reason
why we're talking about
it so when you when we start to talk
about it what about this makes you feel
bad
i think it's just
i never feel like it's enough
at least for myself
yeah yeah
and so you know just to kind of lay this
out when i ask you about practicing
piano and your your parents being
satisfied
i'm guessing that they sort of made you
feel like it wasn't enough
yeah i think i think it was always like
like you know you need to practice more
you need to practice more
and it was it was the same throughout
like
ever like my whole entire life i guess
it wasn't only my parents but like my
teachers my professors because i ended
up doing it in university too
because i have a degree in piano so it
was it was always like
are you not practicing like four to six
hours a day of piano you know it was
like it was always like that
did you feel like you had to practice
more than
other people who were more talented than
you were
um sometimes i think there's just like
there was like a bot like a average
amount that everybody should have been
practicing regardless
and then obviously you know there are
some peers who are better than me
and so you know you have to make up for
it with hard work
yep that's just natural right especially
with something like
piano where it's very it's very just
you know a lot of practice a lot of like
motor memory and like physical
like you know technique stuff like that
do you um so i'm gonna ask like
for specific memories now okay so like
do you remember particular times growing
up where
can you just tell us a story about like
you know
whether your parents were okay with you
getting 80s or wanting you to practice
like does stuff come to mind do you have
any like strong memories around
things there it doesn't have to be good
because it was like a really short
memory i guess yeah but it was pretty
it's uh
something that i can recall very clearly
um
there's uh the one day i came back home
from school during high school
and you know i take out that brown
envelope that has you know my grades in
it i take it out
and then i was like hey mom and dad like
oh i got a 90 in this or like i got an
85 and this
and they're like okay go practice piano
you know it was like they really didn't
care about my grades
because i guess they knew that i they
kind of knew like
what my grades generally were all the
time and they just didn't really care
about that
they just wanted me to practice piano
and did you care about your grades
i i did for the most part but i i
remember that
like i was just one of those students
where i felt like i didn't need to do
too much but just enough in school
to get like my 80s and then i would just
go practice piano but i also remember
there was like a point in my life where
i was just like
i don't want to practice anything
anymore so i just started gaming
that's that's when i started gaming
actually
yeah and do you remember how you felt
like tell me more about the feeling of i
don't want to practice anymore
it was just i don't i think i was just
going through like you know
the rebellious phase where the my
parents were like do this
no kind of thing um
i just got really sick and tired of
listening to them
so that i just i was just like i'm not
and i i remember distinctively telling
them like the more you tell me the
practice the more i'm not gonna practice
i said those exact words to them
and how did they respond they just got
mad i mean
they used to like you know they they
never did any like
like physical beating or whatever it was
all just a lot of yelling
you know just a lot of like why don't
you do this or like do this
you know go do this yeah
what was what was it like to be to hear
them yelling at you
i think after some point i just kind of
let it go in one ear and out the other
uh yeah i
i don't know when it's when it mattered
or when it stopped mattering i just
remembered
i learned to like just cope with it
because i was just like there's no point
in
talking back i just i'll just
let them you know yell and then
afterwards it's whatever
i'll just do what i want
can i think for a second yeah
there's a lot here wendy okay
much of it is very sad
um
were your parents proud of you
i think a lot of the times
there were like there they were but i
don't think i've ever heard them say it
until like recent years
yeah that's good took the next question
out of my mouth which was sort of
you know if they were proud how would
you have known
i guess it was just a okay this
i guess it's really arbitrary but i
guess it's just a feeling
it's just maybe sometimes like
oh i know the way they talk about me to
relatives
[Laughter]
yeah that's that's that's a really you
know obvious one
when they you know brag about you or
whatever you know that's something that
they
they could do or would do or to friends
or whatever yeah
so i'm about to make a couple of
stereotypical statements about east
asian and south asian culture
i know it applies also to like nigerian
culture
yeah can apply to all kinds of cultures
but you know i tend to hear this a lot
from people who are
asian um and it's sort of like
you know they'll never tell you they're
proud of you to your face but they'll
let the rest of the world know
yeah yeah and it's kind of weird because
like they not only do they not tell you
to your face they actually tell you the
opposite
yes right they're like you need to do
more
it's not enough you need to practice
and then as soon as they're done yelling
at you to practice more they're on the
phone with their brother
back in the home country talking about
how awesome you are
and then as soon as they get off the
phone they hear you're not practicing
and they come into your room they're
like [ __ ] you
practice it's kind of weird right
it's it's interesting because like when
i look back
on it now i know that they didn't
mean harm yeah and like
they very much love me and support
everything that i do right now
and i think my dad especially
has always understood
because um another i guess another
distinctive moment
in my life was uh after graduating
my bachelor's i i was expected
by like my professor and my parents to
go into my master's degree
for piano as well and i just remembered
telling them like
i can't i just can't do this
it's like i my love for piano
was there but i felt like the
competition and like just the amount of
work
that i had to put in every single day
was just too overbearing for me
so i told him i couldn't do my master's
degree anymore and
i remember my dad telling me that
he's like you don't have to i just want
you to be happy
yeah and that broke me because i guess
my entire life like i felt like there
was a lot of expectation
but like he told me it was okay if i
didn't do it
as long as i was happy so that was like
really
relieving to hear yeah why did you use
the word break
um i guess well half of it is like i
broke into tears telling them that but
um or
hearing that uh
i don't know it's just
it was against my expectation of what i
thought they would
like say i thought they would say
something completely different
and so but my dad end up saying
something like
completely out of my imagination yeah
so what do you think it broke
my expectations which were what
that they would say like no you should
do it
or like no you should continue to pursue
that degree
or like no you should still like listen
to us
yeah so i'm gonna
dive in there okay so we're gonna put
some words to it that may be painful to
say but like
so that was what you were expecting them
to say
yeah but what would what were what did
you expect them to
think about you like what would be their
idea of you
behind those words
um
i mean i was mostly afraid of what
of you know being a failure
and of sorts you know or like um
wasting or seemingly wasting like
time and money because they spent a lot
of that
on me and and like owning my skills
yep so for me to not go into it
later is
i feel like it's kind of like
oh just it just feels like i wasted it
in a way
yeah what i'm kind of hearing is
um you know that they
invested a lot in you and you kind of
washed out
and that you weren't good enough to cut
it
i can't say i wasn't good enough it was
just
i couldn't bring myself to put that
effort in there anymore
um yeah i think i think
i've always been able to rise up to many
occasions and like
you know like jump over a lot of hurdles
if i really wanted to
but i just i was so tired of it
yeah it was just like really really
really really stressful for me
i'm gonna just sit for a second okay
i'm gonna just like feel some emotions
because i felt a little bit broken too
um let me ask you something how often do
you talk to your parents
a lot actually um i would say like every
two three days
yeah do you talk to them on your day off
yes i what do you guys talk about
um it's not like we don't talk too much
it's mostly just like oh how are you
guys doing you know like
um you know how well my mom's
um health is not super great like she
has a lot of arthritis and it's like
always plaguing her so i ask about that
um ask about what my dad's up to
what they do like recreationally because
they're both retired
um and then i just yeah just mostly
about how they're doing
and sometimes like small little things
like if i need to help with
translations or like doctor visits and
stuff like that
yeah okay
so i have a suggestion for you uh-huh
the next time you take a day off and you
feel like you're not doing enough
i think you should talk to your dad
and tell him i'm taking a day off and i
feel like
i'm not doing enough
and tell him what your week has been
like
it's funny because my dad tells me to
rest
a lot like he's literally the person who
goes like
because he actually i i showed him my
stream link this year
and uh so he started watching my stream
a lot
he says like he watches my stream like
whenever he has a chance to
even even if it's like during dinner or
something he just turns it on the laptop
and there's uh i think it was a couple
weeks ago i did like a 24 hour stream
and i didn't tell him i was doing a
24-hour stream but then
he calls me later like a few days later
he's just like
you know you can't really catch up on
the amount of hours you're going to lose
in sleep you know and but he didn't you
didn't i didn't tell him anything about
a 24-hour stream he just knew from like
looking at a vaude or something
um so yeah it's funny because he tells
me to rest a lot he goes like no matter
how much money you're making like
make sure you sleep make sure you rest
make sure you exercise
you know and he doesn't tell me to work
hard
because he knows i do
how does it feel to not hear him say
that
for him to tell you to rest and take
care of yourself
i mean it's it's nice like i
i really appreciate my dad telling me to
rest
and like i i guess it does
come up in the back of my mind i i guess
he's like
a big factor in why i feel like i should
rest
good so i think um what we've got to do
what does it feel like to have him watch
your stream
while he's eating it's it's funny i just
i think it's i think i just think it's
like endearing it's nice
sounds like he's proud of you
yeah it's weird because i i told you in
the past few years
it's the first time like he's told me
that
he's proud of me or that he loves me and
stuff
yeah it was weird like hearing him in a
voice message say like
i love you and i was like what the heck
i was like where did this come from
you know but he started saying it in the
in recent years so you know i set it
back and like i realized
i don't say it to my dad either but i
guess that's just like an asian thing
you know like
you don't say these things to your
parents or your kids you know
yeah you say it to your cats yeah you
say it to your cats and your dogs
how did he learn how to do that i don't
know it's crazy just like one day
um he sent me a voice clip and he was
just like
he was saying some stuff and then at the
end of it he was like i love you in
english and i was like
what you know i was like oh i love you
too
dad you know it's like kind of awkward
but like nice but
it was just one of those moments where i
was like whoa where did you learn to do
that
you know yeah
sounds like you leveled up yeah
it's crazy my dad is super into like
learning tech stuff i feel like it
hasn't even been that long since i like
you know helped him with the computer
and laptop and now he's like watching
streams and stuff and i was like how
you're torrenting or like you're like
streaming
stuff and i was like what i was like
what are you doing dad
how do you learn this stuff yeah turns
out that you can't
teach an old boomer new tricks i know
so wendy you know i i'm happy to
you know if you want to continue
exploring and stuff like that i think we
can certainly do that i
i feel like um we've kind of
hit a pretty important point and if it's
okay with you i'll kind of
lay that out lay a couple things out and
we can talk further if you want to
so the first thing is i'll double down
on what i said earlier i'm not surprised
at all that your dad does tell you to
rest
um it's not i mean there's a reason why
i told you you know call him
on the days when you're beating yourself
up for not doing enough
and tell him how you feel
um and tell him that you know you feel
like
you're not doing enough or that you
should be working harder
and let him
let him so here's the thing so you come
onto the stream
and then you say to me i have trouble
taking a day off
i have trouble um you know
if i don't if i'm not bone tired i feel
like it's not enough
so you come to me and you make it sound
or
there's an assumption that that is
something that you need to fix
right you're coming to me and you're
like hey i want to change this about
myself like
here's the thing you're you can you fix
it absolutely
but you're not the one who needs to fix
it
it's your dad who can fix it so much
faster
what you can do in a hundred days he can
do in one
because i think you just because if he
tells you if he gives you permission
of sorts and he tells you like take it
you know take a day off i think it's
gonna like
be worth so much more
what do you think about that
yeah i can see that yeah
and so i think it's going to be like
challenging for you to
show him that side of you because
that's the side that you've tried to
keep from them right for like so long
and there are times that out of like
desperation or at the end of your rope
you're like i can't do my master's
degree
and it's so dangerous because like
that's when
all of the assumptions about your
parents will come
to a head and like all of the things
that you sort of piece
together like you know what they're
gonna say because
they've said it a thousand times before
but then they actually don't say it
and they kind of confound your
expectations and you recognize that your
parents really do
love you so now we get
uh does that make sense yeah yeah your
dad is going to teach you how to rest
because he taught you how to not rest
right your parents taught you that so
like this is where they have to teach
you the other thing
so i'm gonna say some things and this is
gonna paint your parents in sort of a
bad light i don't think it's
but i think it so i think we have to
understand that even the best parents
are gonna like
not be perfect and are going to do
things to their kids
that their kids then have to like
struggle with and grow like that's just
life you know my parents are both
wonderful
and they also did a number on me in
different ways that's just how it is
so here's what i how i understand kind
of what happened with you i mean i think
you know it's interesting because when
you grew up like it sounds like your
parents really emphasized piano
and as you joked i went to two schools
but i think there's a lot there about
you know like them really pushing you
and wanting you to be something
and sort of creating in your mind a
standard that you have to live up to
and then there was always this sort of
message of it's not enough are you
practicing you need to practice more
and you tried every which way to deal
with that
right you tried to practice more and i'm
not really hearing that they ever said
good job today
you practiced enough so even though
you kind of practice as much as you can
it's not enough and then like it hurts
to give
everything you've got and not get a
thumbs up from the people
that you're trying to make happy right
and then it hurts too when you
do do a good job and where there may
have been things that you're proud of
and like even if you can't win at piano
like at least you got a 90
and then you come and you show your
parents and like you're like hey
i did something and they're like
we don't care
right and so you're kind of like growing
up you're sort of like
there's no way for you to win this
battle there's no way for you to get
approval and so like this thing starts
to grow within you that like you're not
enough
and it's not enough and no matter what
you do it's not enough so you try to
make them happy it doesn't work you try
to show them things that you're proud of
it doesn't work
and so somewhere along the way you lose
your voice
right like you can't speak to them they
don't listen there's no point in
speaking there's just kind of putting
your head down
and like you know pounding away like
there's doesn't matter what you think or
what you feel or what you say
that's a really painful and difficult
place to be
and when kids lose their voice they stop
listening
because why do we stop listening to
people it's because
what we say doesn't matter you know it's
kind of weird so then you learned how to
in one ear and out the other because
what used to happen
in one ear changes something in here and
then you try something new
they tell you wendy you need to practice
more and then you'd get home from school
and you'd practice for six hours a day
and it wouldn't make a difference
and so like if you started being you
know
there's a coping mechanism ignoring what
they're saying it's because you can't
win that game so you're like
not gonna play it anymore and then you
get teenage rebellion and they don't
really understand what's going on and
they think you're being defiant and
stuff like that and all that kind of
good stuff
um you know there's not really you lose
a voice you don't they don't really show
pride in your work
you don't really show pride in your work
like it's mind-boggling you call
yourself pretty okay at piano you had to
piano conservatory i can guarantee you
you're in
you know in the general population
you're in like one in the
10 000 people in terms of piano skill
right like i'm almost 100 sure of that
statistic
are you a professional no but there are
thousands and tens of thousands of
amateurs out there
but like you don't know how to have
pride i i think this has changed
but in some ways especially when it
comes to piano you have difficulty
having pride in your work
right because you weren't taught like
your parents didn't show you how to have
pride in your work all they showed you
was
how your work isn't enough and so you
carry that with you
and so now what i'm hearing is that like
that's what
that was the formula for success that
your parents taught you
there's a lot of other stuff here like
the odd jobs that
that they worked the sacrifices they had
to make the investment that they made in
you
there's like a whole like thing there
yeah you know of expectation and not
being good enough and like
because they're it's a lot right like
they make they did a lot
and see living up to that expectation
every sacrifice they made every odd job
they worked every time that they ran
into trouble
and still paid for you to go to
conservatory
raises the bar of expectation and like
increases the weight on your shoulders
and that's weight that you carry with
you despite your successful streaming
even though your
dad kind of clearly loves you your
parents clearly love you
you know they clearly support you they
clearly are interested in you
and it's so strange because it's like
well doesn't that fix things and the
answer is no
because he loves you today but what you
really need to do is like
go into the past and recognize that at
each of those painful moments
he loved you then too
even though you didn't know it and then
we get to like the next big swath of
stuff that's challenging
and this is tough is that your parents
may have made mistakes
and i don't think that you were willing
to let them make mistakes i don't think
that
it's possible for you to criticize them
i don't think it's possible for you
to say to yourself i needed them to be
like proud of me when i was seven
and they weren't and like i needed to
hear
like it broke you when your dad told you
i loved you and like he needed to tell
you that
a long time ago right and we can
there this is where things get really
really like tricky
because we can
not in a this is tricky but like that's
just a truth
right it doesn't have to come with blame
but like it has to come with
accountability
like we can forgive him because he
didn't know how to do that back then and
like he didn't
they didn't know better and they learned
and we can appreciate them
but the damage back then was still done
and like you can't heal that hurt until
you
recognize that like that damage was done
so this is where things get really
really tricky because like you you're
gonna feel guilty for sort of blaming
him
because he did so much for you because
they sacrificed so much for you
but like you still have to do that
because then you can really forget like
you put everything in context but
you can't ignore your experience because
that's where the real healing happens
does that make sense yes
so i think kind of just to sort of wrap
things up
um i mean we can still talk more if you
want to in questions but like just to
kind of like
kind of finish up where we are right now
you know i think you carry this not
being good enough with you and you
like you slung that on your back like a
long time ago
and and if you kind of think about it
like you're clear i think you're
confident and you're probably proud of
what you do now like on a relatively
daily basis i wouldn't be surprised
so then that gets confusing because like
how can you be proud today
and still feel like you're not good
enough today
and the reason is because that not good
enough is not from today it's from a
decade ago
right so like when your dad started
telling you i love you like that damage
stops
and he's like proud of you and you like
know that that's why it's so [ __ ]
confusing about like
why like i'm confident myself my dad
loves me my parents are proud of me why
do i feel like i'm not good enough
shouldn't that balance itself out and
unfortunately that's just not how the
mind works
you have to go kind of back in time and
like like even
talk this is challenging but like even
talk to your parents about
you know like when i was growing up like
like
asking hard questions like were you
proud of me it's gonna be a question
that breaks him because like
he's gonna feel your pain it's gonna be
a lot of tears and stuff like that
but it's like it's like a question that
you need to ask and it's an answer that
you need to hear
yeah right it's just hard to
i gotta get
okay yeah
um anyway
yeah yeah i went into this day
i mean i went into this today and i was
like i don't want to cry i don't want to
cry but i know talking about this is
going to make me
like really emotional but yeah
yeah yeah
right and that's the thing wendy is like
you don't
the thing that makes me the most sad
about this is that you don't really have
to
hang on to that anymore right because
your dad does love you guys just need to
like
talk up you know talk about it and like
you need to hear those words
because like there's you know a 12 year
old little asian kid who's like going to
piano conservatory like she needs to
hear those words
right and like she deserves to hear
those words
because like you know like adult wendy
high level wendy endgame wendy like
she's a beast
but you know that other little girl like
needs to hear that
yeah i never i never thought about
the fact that it might be that
actually or the thought that it might be
from my piano days i guess i g because
it's so
it's like when i think about it it's
like it's
kind of like behind me in a sense
because i really haven't engaged in a
lot of that in a long time
i play it for fun now which is actually
nice because you know i just play
whatever i want whatever i want
however much i want and that's nice and
it's like so almost so far put behind me
that i never
think that that is what's affecting me
still
today
yeah and i think the real question there
is like on those days when you're
relaxing
how when was how old were you when you
felt that i'm not doing enough and i
should be doing
more does it smell look
and tastes like what you felt when you
were 7 or 10 or 15 or 16
i guess it's similar yeah
um i have
i don't know i think when i was younger
too there's just
it's different now because there's
nobody pushing me but myself
yep but when i was young
uh or younger there was you know my
professors and
and my parents but now it's like i know
that if i don't push myself nobody's
really gonna push me but i realized i
pushed myself a lot
yeah and and how deep so
how do you know when oh god i'm bleeding
oh god
how do you know when you've pushed
yourself enough
i don't i don't know
when i push myself enough or too much
i just i just remember waking up for the
past like
at least half a year or more where i'm
just like every day it's like
i wake up all right eat get ready stream
go
like that's literally like i i don't
think i really have a lot of like
just spare time to do whatever
i just i just know that i wake up and i
should work like that's me
yeah so there's also are you familiar
with um
chinese medicine or ayurveda
chinese medicine in like what sense like
are you familiar with like any of the
principles of chinese medicine tcm
oh no okay so i think the other
interesting thing is that you know
uh so ayurveda and chinese medicine i
remember this traditional indian
medicine
and there's a lot of cross-pollination
in terms of concepts like they kind of
end up coming up with different terms
but the ideas are
pretty similar another just kind of side
thing you can check out like some of our
youtube stuff on this but
um some of that work ethic that you talk
about you're very kapha
so like this is like an element like so
in in eastern systems of medicine what
they do is
they use elements to describe people's
like personality temperament
and things like that so gaffas are
people who have a lot of like earth
element and water elements so they tend
to be very very resilient
very very hard working have large
stamina pools
the tricky thing that they get into is
that because they have
such because they're so resilient
they tend to tolerate negative
situations far
longer than they otherwise would
right so like people who have like
smaller hp pools will like sit in
burning lava for a very small amount of
time
whereas like people with large hp pools
are like oh i'm taking a bunch of damage
every round but i've got like a thousand
hit points so it's like not that big of
a deal i'm just gonna hang out here
um and and so you know it's something
that people on our stream sometimes we
talk about but i think it's like kind of
interesting because
you know i would imagine that
follow-through and perseverance are not
problems for you
yes that's i think that's like
you know those you know those tests that
go like oh describe your personality in
like five words
i think like i think i've used
perseverance like a lot
yup yeah so that's classic kapha right
so a couple things wendy for you to
so sometimes it takes longer for me to
feel like i understand like where stuff
is coming from
from someone i think you were just so
authentic and open
that it like really came together quick
so i'm talking about a couple other
random things now if that's okay
okay yeah so the first thing is that
you've got to be careful
about a couple of things one is that
that feeling of not good enough so
in terms of when how how hard do you
push yourself
i would say that you probably push
yourself to the point of like
a decent amount of feeling not good
enough
yeah and i know it's kind of weird like
like you know you think the more you
push yourself
the more good about yourself you feel
but for you it's the other way around
and you know because like you know that
in in order to do a good job
you have to feel not good enough
what do you think about that
yeah i i guess so it's kind of weird
okay
yeah but like this is where like when
you decide to stop pushing yourself is
based on these weird internal feelings
like
like when is streaming enough it has
nothing to do with numbers and metrics
and this is how much i need to
it has to do with an internal feeling of
okay i'm [ __ ] exhausted
which means i probably did a decent job
today
like i need to keep pushing myself until
like i really get into a place where
like okay
i don't feel like i'm good enough i'm
really like pushing myself you're like
cracking the whip
and then you're like okay oh whoo
you know i'm finally like cracking the
whip really really hard
and flagellating myself so like as long
as i'm beating myself up this much like
i'm probably going to work good enough
and it'll end up okay
so i encourage you to just sort of play
around with that see if that's true or
not
a couple things to think about is
sometimes these dynamics can pop
up in like romantic relationships
so you know if you start to feel like
you're not good enough
in romantic relationships or things like
that like you have to be careful because
like you said you know you didn't
realize it you know went back to your
piano days because your piano ideas are
behind you you just carry them with you
absolutely um
and for kapha's too you have to be
careful because a lot of times
the relationship problems that kaphas
fall into is that they
end up in unhealthy relationships for
far too long
and and especially like there's a
particular vulnerability here where like
you could feel like you're not good
enough when actually
you're doing fine and the person you're
dating is probably should be better
but you're so used to like not being
good enough that
maybe some of that stuff can start to
like pop up again
i think that was very like apparent to
me in the past
yeah like in past relationships that i
had definitely
and i guess it doesn't help that like
every guy that i've dated cheated on me
so it doesn't help that not good enough
thing
but yeah it was very apparent like i
i was in a lot of relationships that i
stayed for too long
yep yeah so i mean
i'm happy to hear you say was and i
think this is kind of weird but like
every time your dad tells you he's proud
of you
that is gonna shrink and as you become
more confident in yourself like there
may be an echo of this but but you know
like every time that happens like
literally like talk to your dad on your
day off
and tell him you don't feel good enough
and he's going to tell you that you're
he's proud of you
you're wonderful he loves you you
deserve to rest he's going to say all
that stuff to you
and then like your next relationship is
going to be healthier
um yeah
questions thoughts um
not at the moment i just i'm just
thinking about how to have a
conversation with my dad
it's just uh it's gonna be it's gonna be
weird yeah but yeah i think it'll be
good
penny for your thoughts there like what
what are you thinking about how to have
a conversation with your dad
um like just like
i guess how to tell him
yeah because because i think like i like
part of me also like i don't want to
worry him but i realized like
i do have to tell him these things
so i'm gonna try to help you out there a
little bit
you don't want to worry him
he's already worried
yeah i guess yeah so this is what i want
you to reframe
you need to give him the opportunity of
comforting his worried daughter
you need to give him the oh sorry like
his you know the daughter he's worrying
about
you need to give him the opportunity to
like make it better
that's what you really owe him
yeah when he sees you
streaming for 24 hours and he's like you
should rest like he's worried about you
it's already happening
yeah it's true do you need help i mean
do you are you
confident that you can come up with like
language for like talking to him
i don't know it's gonna be a little
weird because i
i grew up speaking like cantonese to my
parents but then with my dad he's like
more fluent in english so i end up
speaking like this weird
like mixture of stuff with him but he
kind of understands like my moon runes
when i like mix both languages together
at random parts of the sentence
so i'm just wondering like in my mind
like how i'm gonna piece together
uh like if i'm gonna say it in like
cantonese or am i gonna say it in a
little bit of english or like
how it's gonna work out but yeah i think
it'll be okay yeah
yeah it sounds like he listens to you
now
yeah i mean i think like both my parents
you know listen to me but it's just i
think i've always
um bonded with my dad a little bit more
i mean i love both of them a lot and i
think in recent years i've
come to talk to my mom a lot more um
it's because my mom did a lot more of
the yelling and my dad did less of
it uh yeah he was he was always more
like chill and quiet
so i i guess i always like i also played
a lot more games with my dad growing up
too i didn't ever play any games with my
mom
what kind of games oh we played like i
don't know like
tetris and like chess and you know board
games and stuff together
and we would watch tv shows together
like kids tv shows like arthur and
magic school bus and stuff together you
know like my dad loved pingu
you know it's just like it's just one of
those he oh
piku is like this this uh penguin it's a
stop-motion
penguin animation that was like really
popular
in mild in my childhood yeah it's
interesting you know
i think dads have special relationships
with their daughters i'm sure they have
special relationships with their sons
too but
i have two daughters and and so i you
know it's different i'm different with
them
than my wife is right um
yeah i'm kind of at a loss as to what to
talk about now
um yeah
for me it was just mostly trying to find
out like
i guess why i felt so bad when i took my
days off
yeah yeah um
i i guess the other thing is i guess it
might be related it's just constantly
chasing for more or that
but that might just relate to you know
not feeling like it's not enough
so they kind of come hand in hand i
think
yeah and that yeah and that might be in
terms of like numbers too you know like
for streaming or like anything
yeah so i i think that that is actually
a little bit more complicated so i think
certainly they're related
but i think a lot of that has to do with
just being a streamer in general
yeah um and just you know there's like
this
there's a effect of platforms
on our psychology um and
and some of that of like always needing
to grow in sort of the sentiment of like
if i'm not growing i'm dying you know
and you can't take a break because like
you know it's like steady content and
and like this is like it's not so i do
wonder about
god i should really think about this now
i wonder if we should do a study about
this but like there's so many
streamers that we've talked to that were
like you know had
parents that were like fundamentally
unsatisfied
or like weren't able to display pride or
satisfaction
with their kids yeah and
and just i i it never crossed my mind
until now that like
i wonder if that's actually part of what
makes you guys successful
because you guys do you know like
like that feeling of not being good
enough like pushes you to you
it'd be an interesting sort of like
personality analysis like study but
um i think some of that stuff is just
you know it's just how what social media
and stuff like that does to us
so it's like i mean if you want to
you know hear me be professor andy i can
like talk more about
you know like go into a quick
explanation of how that works but my
experience is basically that
we have like personal psychological
stuff that then
meets the influence of the internet
and that the influence like we've always
had the psychological stuff but now we
have the internet
which sort of like amplifies or even
like preys
on some of our vulnerabilities that like
everyone has always had
and then we end up with something that
we haven't ended up with before
which is like the psychological stuff
like you know everyone's had i mean
asian parents have existed since the
dawn of time
and then you take asian parents and then
you throw in twitch and then
you're actually rare wendy because i you
know i don't i don't know how many
usually it's like through therapy and a
lot of effort on the kids parts to like
get their parents to tell them
i love you like they have to be taught
like i don't know like your dad
yeah i don't know my i don't know but my
parents
evolved yeah like pokemon
but like they literally but i i don't
know i guess my parents are
like or my yeah my dad is like
especially woke
it's really weird because like he tells
me all these things that he thinks about
and then he he kind of like realized and
then he'll tell me these things
sometimes and i'll be like
it's weird hearing it from him because
yeah because it's just like this is very
against like
traditional asian culture you know and
so i always call my parents like
hippies because like they're so much
more like relaxed or more like
understanding than a lot of parents that
i've seen
or like have heard about and so
every time i just think about my dad
it's like what the heck is going on you
know
yeah it's really good to see too and
it's really nice
so yeah yeah i i think um
you know there is a there is a asian dad
pokemon
who starts out as security guard form
and then goes into convenience store
owner form
and then winds up his woke asian dad in
touch with his face
asian dad which is which is the which is
the charizard
vocation dad uses i love you oh god
wendy begins to cry
very effective yeah it's very effective
oh god
yeah oh that's really funny
[Music]
yeah i it's it's weird because i feel
like there's i guess there's two types
of people right like there's the people
who
they tell themselves like oh they're not
good enough and then they don't do
anything
because it's like crippling and then
there's just i guess there's
people like me who if i say like i'm not
good enough well
i should do more like i need to do
instead of like just not do anything
that's a really cool observation
what do you think separates those two
people why why do you think one is
i
i don't know like why someone becomes
one or the other
um and i and i found like i talk to some
of my friends
you know some of them are very much like
i feel like crap
now i'm not gonna do anything and then
for me it's like i really wish i could
give them some of my energy and be like
i think you'll feel better if you do
something
rather than not doing anything at all
and
yeah i don't know what makes us do one
or the other
i don't know if you have any insight on
that i've never thought about it like
that but i i love
where you're going with this i wonder if
it's the presence
of someone that you want to do it for
like a motivation yeah like like you
want to make your parents proud
which no matter how hard you try never
happens
which i know sounds bleak yeah and and
then because i i have talked to some
people who
you know don't feel good enough but i i
don't think they ever
i mean their parents were really more
um tend to be more toxic so it's like
like you know their parents would tell
them you're not good enough like
to their face and it's sort of like like
at least in your case
it's almost like some people have a
parent like a parent that sort of like
you know holds up a standard that they
push their kid to meet
and it's so impossible that you never
meet it but they still
hold you to that standard and push you
towards it
whereas some parents just tell their
kids that they're not good enough and
they don't expect
maybe it's the expectation of a parent
that's different
like like expectations yeah like they
expect you to do it
and you can be disappointing to them
absolutely but at least they expect it
of you
and some parents just you know think
their kid isn't good enough and don't
expect anything out of them
and and then that's actually why they
don't do anything because
once you don't believe you're capable of
anything then
there's no point trying whereas like
there's still this idea that you have
that like
if you work hard enough you'll get there
one day
but some people believe that they're
just not capable so you know when they
talk about motivation like so i see this
a lot where a lot of motivation
or problems with motivation they say i
lack motivation is really hopelessness
underneath because if you're never gonna
succeed
there's no point in trying and so you
have to tackle that
you know lack of expectation of
capability of yourself
maybe that's it i don't know it's a
great observation on your part though
sounds yeah sounds like that might be it
too
[Music]
it's yeah
very eye-opening yeah i don't really
i don't really talk about this stuff
much
um no one does yeah
it's a lot of like diving into why
why and why yep oh yeah and you don't
always know why
yeah yeah so i think that's where
um you know a big part of like
my journey was just asking myself why
why and why
and and this is where i spent some time
sort of training to become a monk
and and they that's what we do
like when you train like you know you
meditate and then like like you
ask yourself like why do i have a desire
for this thing
why do i have a desire for this thing at
this moment why am i feeling bad today
like so
it's sort of like an internal
exploration
you know you're mapping out the inner
world instead of like mapping
out the outer world
which it sounds like your dad is pretty
good at
a few months ago he told me he's like
he's like ah when you get older you stop
caring about a lot of stuff
and i was like oh he's just like yo
you'll understand when you get here
and i mean he's just i don't like he's
old like he's older
he's not like a grandpa yet i guess but
i mean he's like 65
so you know like 66 retirement age um
but he's like you really stop caring
about a lot of stuff
when you get to my age she's like all
those things that you're feeling right
now
like you probably won't feel a lot of it
in 40 years or 30 years and
and my woke asian dad yeah yeah
[Laughter]
yeah i i'm really loving location
yeah it sounds like your dad is is
developing detachment or vairagya
in sanskrit which is like distance
between
feelings and things in the world and
like how
you know how much it pisses you off
so one of the one of the other qualities
of
the final form of the asian bat the
final four
yeah i think i'm still very angry at
random things
definitely not detached at all yeah yeah
so you
so as your dad said dad uses skill
wise words and and you know he says
he'll get there one day
yeah oh it's so funny
yeah wendy like i said i you know
usually this takes longer but
i think you've really opened up and
seemed simple today or clear to me yeah
i
i don't i'm not uh
like i'm super okay with talking about
feelings
it's just i don't like always talk about
them but i mean like i i'm
really open about talking about feelings
so it's like if anybody asks me anything
you know it's like i'll
just say it as it is yeah
i think it's it's great i think it's you
know that's a lot of people
tend to you know be open
to answering but we all feel
uncomfortable about
volunteering yeah
right because it's like it's kind of
weird because like people are open books
but like you've gotta crack the cover
you know they're willing to be open and
transparent but someone has to express
interest
and and i think part of the tricky thing
is that nowadays like it's
you know it's polite to not inquire
and then when we don't ask like if we
see someone crying we don't like
go over to them and ask like what's
wrong
you know because we like want to respect
their privacy but then they feel
isolated it's kind of like a we get
stuck between like a rock
and a hard place i guess i
i really want or i i i'm actually
usually the person that inquires
like if i see any
signs of someone being sad i'll like
i'll
message them be like are you okay that's
really wonderful
if they need an ear or like yeah stuff
like that
i think that makes the world a better
place
yeah i definitely you know wish
everybody can be kind
to one another
yeah how's your brother doing
oh ah i guess he's good
i mean we don't really talk much and i
wish we talked more
but he's he's good he's in china
and uh he does like teaching and stuff
uh english teaching
um but i haven't seen him in years
so what's that like
um
i mean it sucks
uh the thing is like my brother and i
have a huge age gap
and it's only my brother and i like my
parents only have two kids
um like he's 10 years older than me
exactly 10 years
so growing up it was like of a pretty
crazy dynamic because it was like
i was four he was 14 you know um
i was 10 he was 20. you know he was
already like practically gone by the
time i was in my teenage years
because he had to go to college and then
go to like he did some like
training like student teacher training
in like china and stuff and
he always really liked teaching there um
so he did a lot of traveling i didn't
see him for a long time i remember like
him coming back after a trip and he was
like whoa you grew a lot
you know and i was like yep i did so
does he have uh you said your
your parents your parents don't have
grandparents so i'm assuming he doesn't
have
children and neither do i yes
neither of us have children yeah and and
so he's been in
china what sounds like years so he's
like settled there
yes yeah he's definitely settled there
um
he wanted to visit in recent years but
then covet and
whatnot so yeah he didn't end up coming
back
and then i never really go there either
so we just haven't seen each other in a
while
besides like happy birthday
merry christmas and happy new years you
know like through text messages we don't
really talk too much yeah
maybe someone else to reach out to on
your off days
yeah yeah
the time zone difference is a little
weird but
maybe you can trick yourself into
thinking you're being productive by
reaching out to your brother yeah
somebody i could definitely reach out to
so wendy um sometimes on stream we teach
meditation
are you interested in learning that yeah
i'm down let me think
have you had any experience with
meditation
uh i've followed your stream a little
bit here and there
but that's that's that's about it
yeah i think i've done a breathing one
before a long time ago in like
choir i don't know my choir instructor
was like
breathe in for this many counts and
breathe out for this many counts
okay close your eyes and stuff yeah
i'm trying to think about whether we
should do
a meditation around sound or a
meditation around
breath
or we can do both because you are
musically oriented
um
okay i've got one for you okay
so i'm going to give you um
i'm going to give you kind of an uh task
of sorts
oh hold on let me think about this
how we can do this
give me just a second okay
okay this is going to sound kind of
weird okay so what i want you to do
is um i'm going to put forth a
hypothesis
and i want you to test it okay okay
so the hypothesis is that the letter
u is at the end of any sound that you
can make
okay okay so if we think about like like
what what sound does the letter b make
b or b sorry yeah right
so so ba right so there's something
yeah i was like what does b uh b okay so
so but then what i want you to also do
is is listen to the sound
b and see if you can find an
uh at the end of that so close your eyes
and you can try saying it b
b and and just really pay attention to
the end of it
b okay
pay attention to the e sound so after
the e
there's another sound even when you say
b
i don't get it it's because it like
that's okay
it's just it's it's a poorly explained
technique um okay let me let me let's
try something else
let me think let me think let me think
okay i've got another technique for us
to try okay
okay so um this is gonna be sort of like
a rotating
uh it's gonna be like a rotating
awareness technique so what i want you
to do
is we're going to take deep breaths and
what i want you to do is
kind of imagine that the breath is going
in through your nose
up to the top of your head and as you
inhale goes all the way down
the back of your spine and as you exhale
so as you hit the
you know the tailbone as you exhale
the breath kind of comes via the pubis
and then
over the navel through the chest and
then out the nose
okay so as we inhale we're going to
rotate our attention
i'm giving you hard techniques i don't
know why i should probably be getting
introductory stuff but
you know you're such a hard worker and
talented and all that good stuff
so breathe in and then kind of follow it
up and then around the back of your
spine
and as you finish your breath you should
be at your tailbone and as you exhale
over the pubis through the navel
through the heart through the base of
the throat
and then oh actually i guess this is a
little bit complicated
also back up here and then out the nose
okay okay and so along the back what you
want to do is
you know start here go to the top of
your head
sort of the the you know the base of
your throat so like the part of your
spine that is opposite your throat
the part of your spine that is behind
your heart the part of your spine that
is
opposite your navel your tailbone
and then up the front does that make
sense yes okay so
sit up straight close your eyes
and i'll i'll run you through the
breaths
at the beginning so i'm gonna do three
rounds while i'll walk you through them
and then you can you're gonna do five
more on your own okay
okay so go ahead and exhale to begin
with
and then through your nose breathe in
slowly slowly slowly it goes up to the
top of
your head along the back of your throat
down past your heart down past your
navel
and into your tailbone and as you exhale
across the pubis over the navel
through the heart base of your throat
up to your eyebrows and then out your
nose
and now we're gonna go again okay eyes
closed
breathe in up to the crown of your head
back of your throat behind your heart
behind your navel bottom of the tailbone
and then exhale
pubis navel front of your heart
base of your throat up to your eyebrows
and out and now continue at your own
pace
and just as you breathe in let your
attention rotate
in that circuit we're going to do we're
going to practice for about 60 seconds
okay
c
for
what
no i just i don't have a good time of 60
seconds i was like did i
breathe too long or did i breathe too
short
you did fine i i should have been a
little bit more clear i think
something about maybe my teaching styles
off today no
no no no it's fine what was what was
that practice like
relaxing it was like
yeah it was very relaxing and it was
funny because i was trying to
follow my air through my body and it
and then when i went back up to like
here and then down through my nose it
like kind of tickled
a little bit because i was it's just
yeah
good so kind of feeling the air
fantastic right so the goal of
meditation is to bring your attention to
the present
um and then sort of just as if you're
sitting with an experience that's
perfectly fine
let me ask you i know this could be hard
to understand having done it so little
but did you feel like sometimes your
breath or attention would stall at a
particular place in your body
yes because i i don't know for some
reason i was like having a mental
or i was like trying to follow and i was
like wait did i go to that part
go back so i was like trying to like
yeah when you were telling me where to
like
uh where my air travels it was like
really smooth but when i did it on my
own it was not as smooth yeah and do you
know if there was a particular place
that you would stumble around
um yeah i guess just like the
end of my breathing so around like the
spine area
like of the back the the bottom of your
spine yeah the bottom
okay and then was there uh was the
exhalation pretty smooth or would that
also
kind of like where you like you know
imagine you're driving a manual and it
kind of like
doesn't start quite right so did you
like stall at the bottom
on your way out or was it pretty smooth
on the way out
uh i think it stalled because i was
like like again i was thinking about
which part it was traveling through
um but generally it's like pretty smooth
yeah
okay generally but it seems like you get
kind of stuck around the bottom
yeah yeah okay
okay yeah keep doing it um
not now but just in general okay so so i
i think
you know you can try this technique out
i would say do it for three to five
minutes a day
ideally every day but i think you can
start with like
three days a week
you know i think eventually what you
want to do so the science on meditation
suggests that if you can practice
20 minutes a day for three days a week
that's the minimum required to really
like literally rewire your brain
so like stress indicators and things
like that will improve
um but if you know if you can do 20
minutes a day five days a week that's
totally fine
you don't have to do this practice for
20 minutes
so you you can do this for three to five
you know check out our other youtube
videos or
you know reach out to me at some point
if you have more questions about
meditation or things like that
um yeah and then oh
sorry do you have a recommendation on
when you should do them or
like is it like when you wake up like
before you sleep so meditation is the
is the most fruitful at dawn and dusk
oh okay so i don't know if you're up at
dawn
but if you're in canada i'm definitely
up
yeah because you're up late or up early
yeah off late
okay i haven't slept yet uh-huh so i i
would say you know when dawn rolls
around
then um you know you'll
that's when it's the most fruitful the
other thing that's a little bit tricky i
don't know if you noticed but
one of your nostrils is going to be more
closed than the other
can you tell which one
ah this one's more open this one's my
right
the moment of dawn or dusk both of them
will open up
and it's [ __ ] weird i know so
if you can do that practice during the
period of time
where they're both open then it'll be
the most fruitful
sorcery yes
okay okay i'll try it i'll try it yeah
just try it
yeah you'll be it's one of the weirdest
[ __ ] things in the universe okay
i don't even quite understand it but
there's something about being in rhythm
with the universe
i don't know how any of that [ __ ] works
it's just weird it used to be my alarm
clock
it's like oh okay but anyway
um any other questions cool um
no i think i'm good so one last thing
wendy you know it may be worthwhile for
you to see a therapist i don't know if
you ever have
but if you wanna like if you find that
this is really a problem like not a bad
idea to work with someone
you can also work with i'm not really
seeing a huge need for
um you know therapy i'm not hearing
anything that i think is clinically
concerning
you know i don't diagnose people over
the internet so you know that being said
but
um you know you can certainly work on
the stuff if you feel like you do want
someone to talk to you can also
uh sign up for our creator coaching
program which
thankfully twitch is sponsoring so
twitch has decided i'm
are you a partner on yes okay so if your
partner
it's available to you and and coaches
can kind of help you work through some
of the stuff
a little bit more two other things to
kind of think about
okay yeah thank you
thank you for coming on and you know
being so
authentic and open it was like
and and also insightful because
something about i don't know it was just
easy today like like something oh that's
i'm glad
i didn't want to be a difficult
guest i i mean i don't know that anyone
well actually that's not true some
people actually
but you know that's not their problem
that's my problem
and but you certainly worked
you're pleasant and delightful and good
luck to you you know
i hope you do well and seriously like
tell your dad how you feel
and and let him do let him
give him the opportunity to like make
you feel better because that's
you know you owe that to him and you can
make him so happy
speaking as a father there's nothing
that makes me happier than making my
daughter feel better when she's hurting
like that's like what i exist for
at this point right so give him that
opportunity
and don't worry about burdening him
because he knows
i can see you're going to cry for my dad
speaking from a dad's point of view
yeah we know all right
yeah and now you can have a go have a
good cry in private
all right take care and thanks a lot so
much you too
bye
ah yes let us let us raid lig myanus